# Derivatives of Other Works

Works herein derived from other works with incompatible licenses are subject
to the terms of those respective license.

# Original Works in this Repository

The MIT License

Copyright (c) 2020 Moonset Technologies, LLC

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.

# Expiration

All works in this repository legally covered by the above license shall remain
so for a term of seven (7) years after initial publication.  Updates to such
works shall begin their own separate licensing term at the time of their own
publication.  Nothing in this license shall be construed to extend the
licensing term on any version of any work covered herein.

Upon expiration of the licensing term, all in this repository legally covered
by the above license shall immediately become licensed under the Creative
Commons "CC0" license and shall simultaneously be declared as in the public
domain by the common law meanin in the United States as understood in 2020.
